Add instance parameters listing to the spot_market_request doc (#105)
equinix/terraform-provider-metal: docs/resources/spot_market_request.md

* `devices_max` - (Required) Maximum number devices to be created
* `devices_min` - (Required) Miniumum number devices to be created
* `max_bid_price` - (Required) Maximum price user is willing to pay per hour per device
* `project_id` - (Required) Project ID
* `wait_for_devices` - (Optional) On resource creation - wait until all desired devices are active, on resource destruction - wait until devices are removed
* `facilities` - (Optional) Facility IDs where devices should be created
* `metro` - (Optional) Metro where devices should be created

> * `instance_parameters` - (Required) Parameters for devices provisioned from this request. You can find the parameterdescrition from the [metal_device doc](device.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `instance_parameters` - (Required) Parameters for devices provisioned from this request. You can find the parameter description from the [metal_device doc](device.md).
```
